aa:meaning ofaa
aah:meaning ofaah
aahed:meaning ofaahed
aahing:meaning ofaahing
aahs:meaning ofaahs
aal:meaning ofaal
aalii:meaning ofaalii
aaliis:meaning ofaaliis
aals:meaning ofaals
aardvark:meaning ofaardvark
aardwolf:meaning ofaardwolf
aargh:meaning ofaargh
aarrgh:meaning ofaarrgh
aarrghh:meaning ofaarrghh
aas:meaning ofaas
aasvogel:meaning ofaasvogel
ab:meaning ofab
aba:meaning ofaba
abaca:meaning ofabaca
abacas:meaning ofabacas
abaci:meaning ofabaci
aback:meaning ofaback
abacus:meaning ofabacus
abacuses:meaning ofabacuses
abaft:meaning ofabaft
abaka:meaning ofabaka
abakas:meaning ofabakas
abalone:meaning ofabalone
abalones:meaning ofabalones
abamp:meaning ofabamp
abampere:meaning ofabampere
abamps:meaning ofabamps
abandon:meaning ofabandon
abandons:meaning ofabandons
abapical:meaning ofabapical
abas:meaning ofabas
abase:meaning ofabase
abased:meaning ofabased
abasedly:meaning ofabasedly
abaser:meaning ofabaser
abasers:meaning ofabasers
abases:meaning ofabases
abash:meaning ofabash
abashed:meaning ofabashed
abashes:meaning ofabashes
abashing:meaning ofabashing
abasia:meaning ofabasia
abasias:meaning ofabasias
abasing:meaning ofabasing
abatable:meaning ofabatable
abate:meaning ofabate
abated:meaning ofabated
abater:meaning ofabater
abaters:meaning ofabaters
abates:meaning ofabates
abating:meaning ofabating
abatis:meaning ofabatis
abatises:meaning ofabatises
abator:meaning ofabator
abators:meaning ofabators
abattis:meaning ofabattis
abattoir:meaning ofabattoir
abaxial:meaning ofabaxial
abaxile:meaning ofabaxile
abba:meaning ofabba
abbacies:meaning ofabbacies
abbacy:meaning ofabbacy
abbas:meaning ofabbas
abbatial:meaning ofabbatial
abbe:meaning ofabbe
abbes:meaning ofabbes
abbess:meaning ofabbess
abbesses:meaning ofabbesses
abbey:meaning ofabbey
abbeys:meaning ofabbeys
abbot:meaning ofabbot
abbotcy:meaning ofabbotcy
abbots:meaning ofabbots
abdicate:meaning ofabdicate
abdomen:meaning ofabdomen
abdomens:meaning ofabdomens
abdomina:meaning ofabdomina
abduce:meaning ofabduce
abduced:meaning ofabduced
abducens:meaning ofabducens
abducent:meaning ofabducent
abduces:meaning ofabduces
abducing:meaning ofabducing
abduct:meaning ofabduct
abducted:meaning ofabducted
abductor:meaning ofabductor
abducts:meaning ofabducts
abeam:meaning ofabeam
abed:meaning ofabed
abele:meaning ofabele
abeles:meaning ofabeles
abelia:meaning ofabelia
abelian:meaning ofabelian
abelias:meaning ofabelias
abelmosk:meaning ofabelmosk
aberrant:meaning ofaberrant
abet:meaning ofabet
abetment:meaning ofabetment
abets:meaning ofabets
abettal:meaning ofabettal
abettals:meaning ofabettals
abetted:meaning ofabetted
abetter:meaning ofabetter
abetters:meaning ofabetters
abetting:meaning ofabetting
abettor:meaning ofabettor
abettors:meaning ofabettors
abeyance:meaning ofabeyance
abeyancy:meaning ofabeyancy
abeyant:meaning ofabeyant
abfarad:meaning ofabfarad
abfarads:meaning ofabfarads
abhenry:meaning ofabhenry
abhenrys:meaning ofabhenrys
abhor:meaning ofabhor
abhorred:meaning ofabhorred
abhorrer:meaning ofabhorrer
abhors:meaning ofabhors
abidance:meaning ofabidance
abide:meaning ofabide
abided:meaning ofabided
abider:meaning ofabider
abiders:meaning ofabiders
abides:meaning ofabides
abiding:meaning ofabiding
abigail:meaning ofabigail
abigails:meaning ofabigails
ability:meaning ofability
abioses:meaning ofabioses
abiosis:meaning ofabiosis
abiotic:meaning ofabiotic
abject:meaning ofabject
abjectly:meaning ofabjectly
abjure:meaning ofabjure
abjured:meaning ofabjured
abjurer:meaning ofabjurer
abjurers:meaning ofabjurers
abjures:meaning ofabjures
abjuring:meaning ofabjuring
ablate:meaning ofablate
ablated:meaning ofablated
ablates:meaning ofablates
ablating:meaning ofablating
ablation:meaning ofablation
ablative:meaning ofablative
ablaut:meaning ofablaut
ablauts:meaning ofablauts
ablaze:meaning ofablaze
able:meaning ofable
ablegate:meaning ofablegate
abler:meaning ofabler
ables:meaning ofables
ablest:meaning ofablest
ablings:meaning ofablings
ablins:meaning ofablins
abloom:meaning ofabloom
abluent:meaning ofabluent
abluents:meaning ofabluents
ablush:meaning ofablush
abluted:meaning ofabluted
ablution:meaning ofablution
ably:meaning ofably
abmho:meaning ofabmho
abmhos:meaning ofabmhos
abnegate:meaning ofabnegate
abnormal:meaning ofabnormal
abo:meaning ofabo
aboard:meaning ofaboard
abode:meaning ofabode
aboded:meaning ofaboded
abodes:meaning ofabodes
aboding:meaning ofaboding
abohm:meaning ofabohm
abohms:meaning ofabohms
aboideau:meaning ofaboideau
aboil:meaning ofaboil
aboiteau:meaning ofaboiteau
abolish:meaning ofabolish
abolla:meaning ofabolla
abollae:meaning ofabollae
aboma:meaning ofaboma
abomas:meaning ofabomas
abomasa:meaning ofabomasa
abomasal:meaning ofabomasal
abomasi:meaning ofabomasi
abomasum:meaning ofabomasum
abomasus:meaning ofabomasus
aboon:meaning ofaboon
aboral:meaning ofaboral
aborally:meaning ofaborally
aborning:meaning ofaborning
abort:meaning ofabort
aborted:meaning ofaborted
aborter:meaning ofaborter
aborters:meaning ofaborters
aborting:meaning ofaborting
abortion:meaning ofabortion
abortive:meaning ofabortive
aborts:meaning ofaborts
abos:meaning ofabos
abought:meaning ofabought
aboulia:meaning ofaboulia
aboulias:meaning ofaboulias
aboulic:meaning ofaboulic
abound:meaning ofabound
abounded:meaning ofabounded
abounds:meaning ofabounds
about:meaning ofabout
above:meaning ofabove
aboves:meaning ofaboves
abrachia:meaning ofabrachia
abradant:meaning ofabradant
abrade:meaning ofabrade
abraded:meaning ofabraded
abrader:meaning ofabrader
abraders:meaning ofabraders
abrades:meaning ofabrades
abrading:meaning ofabrading
abrasion:meaning ofabrasion
abrasive:meaning ofabrasive
abreact:meaning ofabreact
abreacts:meaning ofabreacts
abreast:meaning ofabreast
abri:meaning ofabri
abridge:meaning ofabridge
abridged:meaning ofabridged
abridger:meaning ofabridger
abridges:meaning ofabridges
abris:meaning ofabris
abroach:meaning ofabroach
abroad:meaning ofabroad
abrogate:meaning ofabrogate
abrosia:meaning ofabrosia
abrosias:meaning ofabrosias
abrupt:meaning ofabrupt
abrupter:meaning ofabrupter
abruptly:meaning ofabruptly
abs:meaning ofabs
abscess:meaning ofabscess
abscise:meaning ofabscise
abscised:meaning ofabscised
abscises:meaning ofabscises
abscisin:meaning ofabscisin
abscissa:meaning ofabscissa
abscond:meaning ofabscond
absconds:meaning ofabsconds
abseil:meaning ofabseil
abseiled:meaning ofabseiled
abseils:meaning ofabseils
absence:meaning ofabsence
absences:meaning ofabsences
absent:meaning ofabsent
absented:meaning ofabsented
absentee:meaning ofabsentee
absenter:meaning ofabsenter
absently:meaning ofabsently
absents:meaning ofabsents
absinth:meaning ofabsinth
absinthe:meaning ofabsinthe
absinths:meaning ofabsinths
absolute:meaning ofabsolute
absolve:meaning ofabsolve
absolved:meaning ofabsolved
absolver:meaning ofabsolver
absolves:meaning ofabsolves
absonant:meaning ofabsonant
absorb:meaning ofabsorb
absorbed:meaning ofabsorbed
absorber:meaning ofabsorber
absorbs:meaning ofabsorbs
abstain:meaning ofabstain
abstains:meaning ofabstains
absterge:meaning ofabsterge
abstract:meaning ofabstract
abstrict:meaning ofabstrict
abstruse:meaning ofabstruse
absurd:meaning ofabsurd
absurder:meaning ofabsurder
absurdly:meaning ofabsurdly
absurds:meaning ofabsurds
abubble:meaning ofabubble
abulia:meaning ofabulia
abulias:meaning ofabulias
abulic:meaning ofabulic
abundant:meaning ofabundant
abusable:meaning ofabusable
abuse:meaning ofabuse
abused:meaning ofabused
abuser:meaning ofabuser
abusers:meaning ofabusers
abuses:meaning ofabuses
abusing:meaning ofabusing
abusive:meaning ofabusive
abut:meaning ofabut
abutilon:meaning ofabutilon
abutment:meaning ofabutment
abuts:meaning ofabuts
abuttal:meaning ofabuttal
abuttals:meaning ofabuttals
abutted:meaning ofabutted
abutter:meaning ofabutter
abutters:meaning ofabutters
abutting:meaning ofabutting
abuzz:meaning ofabuzz
abvolt:meaning ofabvolt
abvolts:meaning ofabvolts
abwatt:meaning ofabwatt
abwatts:meaning ofabwatts
aby:meaning ofaby
abye:meaning ofabye
abyes:meaning ofabyes
abying:meaning ofabying
abys:meaning ofabys
abysm:meaning ofabysm
abysmal:meaning ofabysmal
abysms:meaning ofabysms
abyss:meaning ofabyss
abyssal:meaning ofabyssal
abysses:meaning ofabysses
acacia:meaning ofacacia
acacias:meaning ofacacias
academe:meaning ofacademe
academes:meaning ofacademes
academia:meaning ofacademia
academic:meaning ofacademic
academy:meaning ofacademy
acajou:meaning ofacajou
acajous:meaning ofacajous
acaleph:meaning ofacaleph
acalephe:meaning ofacalephe
acalephs:meaning ofacalephs
acanthi:meaning ofacanthi
acanthus:meaning ofacanthus
acapnia:meaning ofacapnia
acapnias:meaning ofacapnias
acari:meaning ofacari
acarid:meaning ofacarid
acaridan:meaning ofacaridan
acarids:meaning ofacarids
acarine:meaning ofacarine
acarines:meaning ofacarines
acaroid:meaning ofacaroid
acarpous:meaning ofacarpous
acarus:meaning ofacarus
acaudal:meaning ofacaudal
acaudate:meaning ofacaudate
acauline:meaning ofacauline
acaulose:meaning ofacaulose
acaulous:meaning ofacaulous
accede:meaning ofaccede
acceded:meaning ofacceded
acceder:meaning ofacceder
acceders:meaning ofacceders
accedes:meaning ofaccedes
acceding:meaning ofacceding
accent:meaning ofaccent
accented:meaning ofaccented
accentor:meaning ofaccentor
accents:meaning ofaccents
accept:meaning ofaccept
accepted:meaning ofaccepted
acceptee:meaning ofacceptee
accepter:meaning ofaccepter
acceptor:meaning ofacceptor
accepts:meaning ofaccepts
access:meaning ofaccess
accessed:meaning ofaccessed
accesses:meaning ofaccesses
accident:meaning ofaccident
accidia:meaning ofaccidia
accidias:meaning ofaccidias
accidie:meaning ofaccidie
accidies:meaning ofaccidies
acclaim:meaning ofacclaim
acclaims:meaning ofacclaims
accolade:meaning ofaccolade
accord:meaning ofaccord
accorded:meaning ofaccorded
accorder:meaning ofaccorder
accords:meaning ofaccords
accost:meaning ofaccost
accosted:meaning ofaccosted
accosts:meaning ofaccosts
account:meaning ofaccount
accounts:meaning ofaccounts
accouter:meaning ofaccouter
accoutre:meaning ofaccoutre
accredit:meaning ofaccredit
accrete:meaning ofaccrete
accreted:meaning ofaccreted
accretes:meaning ofaccretes
accrual:meaning ofaccrual
accruals:meaning ofaccruals
accrue:meaning ofaccrue
accrued:meaning ofaccrued
accrues:meaning ofaccrues
accruing:meaning ofaccruing
accuracy:meaning ofaccuracy
accurate:meaning ofaccurate
accursed:meaning ofaccursed
accurst:meaning ofaccurst
accusal:meaning ofaccusal
accusals:meaning ofaccusals
accusant:meaning ofaccusant
accuse:meaning ofaccuse
accused:meaning ofaccused
accuser:meaning ofaccuser
accusers:meaning ofaccusers
accuses:meaning ofaccuses
accusing:meaning ofaccusing
accustom:meaning ofaccustom
ace:meaning oface
aced:meaning ofaced
acedia:meaning ofacedia
acedias:meaning ofacedias
aceldama:meaning ofaceldama
acentric:meaning ofacentric
acequia:meaning ofacequia
acequias:meaning ofacequias
acerate:meaning ofacerate
acerated:meaning ofacerated
acerb:meaning ofacerb
acerbate:meaning ofacerbate
acerber:meaning ofacerber
acerbest:meaning ofacerbest
acerbic:meaning ofacerbic
acerbity:meaning ofacerbity
acerola:meaning ofacerola
acerolas:meaning ofacerolas
acerose:meaning ofacerose
acerous:meaning ofacerous
acervate:meaning ofacervate
acervuli:meaning ofacervuli
aces:meaning ofaces
acescent:meaning ofacescent
aceta:meaning ofaceta
acetal:meaning ofacetal
acetals:meaning ofacetals
acetamid:meaning ofacetamid
acetate:meaning ofacetate
acetated:meaning ofacetated
acetates:meaning ofacetates
acetic:meaning ofacetic
acetify:meaning ofacetify
acetin:meaning ofacetin
acetins:meaning ofacetins
acetone:meaning ofacetone
acetones:meaning ofacetones
acetonic:meaning ofacetonic
acetose:meaning ofacetose
acetous:meaning ofacetous
acetoxyl:meaning ofacetoxyl
acetum:meaning ofacetum
acetyl:meaning ofacetyl
acetylic:meaning ofacetylic
acetyls:meaning ofacetyls
ache:meaning ofache
ached:meaning ofached
achene:meaning ofachene
achenes:meaning ofachenes
achenial:meaning ofachenial
aches:meaning ofaches
achier:meaning ofachier
achiest:meaning ofachiest
achieve:meaning ofachieve
achieved:meaning ofachieved
achiever:meaning ofachiever
achieves:meaning ofachieves
achillea:meaning ofachillea
achiness:meaning ofachiness
aching:meaning ofaching
achingly:meaning ofachingly
achiote:meaning ofachiote
achiotes:meaning ofachiotes
acholia:meaning ofacholia
acholias:meaning ofacholias
achoo:meaning ofachoo
achromat:meaning ofachromat
achromic:meaning ofachromic
achy:meaning ofachy
acicula:meaning ofacicula
aciculae:meaning ofaciculae
acicular:meaning ofacicular
aciculas:meaning ofaciculas
aciculum:meaning ofaciculum
acid:meaning ofacid
acidemia:meaning ofacidemia
acidhead:meaning ofacidhead
acidic:meaning ofacidic
acidify:meaning ofacidify
acidity:meaning ofacidity
acidly:meaning ofacidly
acidness:meaning ofacidness
acidoses:meaning ofacidoses
acidosis:meaning ofacidosis
acidotic:meaning ofacidotic
acids:meaning ofacids
aciduria:meaning ofaciduria
acidy:meaning ofacidy
acierate:meaning ofacierate
aciform:meaning ofaciform
acinar:meaning ofacinar
acing:meaning ofacing
acini:meaning ofacini
acinic:meaning ofacinic
acinose:meaning ofacinose
acinous:meaning ofacinous
acinus:meaning ofacinus
ackee:meaning ofackee
ackees:meaning ofackees
aclinic:meaning ofaclinic
acmatic:meaning ofacmatic
acme:meaning ofacme
acmes:meaning ofacmes
acmic:meaning ofacmic
acne:meaning ofacne
acned:meaning ofacned
acnes:meaning ofacnes
acnode:meaning ofacnode
acnodes:meaning ofacnodes
acock:meaning ofacock
acold:meaning ofacold
acolyte:meaning ofacolyte
acolytes:meaning ofacolytes
aconite:meaning ofaconite
aconites:meaning ofaconites
aconitic:meaning ofaconitic
aconitum:meaning ofaconitum
acorn:meaning ofacorn
acorns:meaning ofacorns
acoustic:meaning ofacoustic
acquaint:meaning ofacquaint
acquest:meaning ofacquest
acquests:meaning ofacquests
acquire:meaning ofacquire
acquired:meaning ofacquired
acquirer:meaning ofacquirer
acquires:meaning ofacquires
acquit:meaning ofacquit
acquits:meaning ofacquits
acrasia:meaning ofacrasia
acrasias:meaning ofacrasias
acrasin:meaning ofacrasin
acrasins:meaning ofacrasins
acre:meaning ofacre
acreage:meaning ofacreage
acreages:meaning ofacreages
acred:meaning ofacred
acres:meaning ofacres
acrid:meaning ofacrid
acrider:meaning ofacrider
acridest:meaning ofacridest
acridine:meaning ofacridine
acridity:meaning ofacridity
acridly:meaning ofacridly
acrimony:meaning ofacrimony
acrobat:meaning ofacrobat
acrobats:meaning ofacrobats
acrodont:meaning ofacrodont
acrogen:meaning ofacrogen
acrogens:meaning ofacrogens
acrolect:meaning ofacrolect
acrolein:meaning ofacrolein
acrolith:meaning ofacrolith
acromia:meaning ofacromia
acromial:meaning ofacromial
acromion:meaning ofacromion
acronic:meaning ofacronic
acronym:meaning ofacronym
acronyms:meaning ofacronyms
acrosome:meaning ofacrosome
across:meaning ofacross
acrostic:meaning ofacrostic
acrotic:meaning ofacrotic
acrotism:meaning ofacrotism
acrylate:meaning ofacrylate
acrylic:meaning ofacrylic
acrylics:meaning ofacrylics
act:meaning ofact
acta:meaning ofacta
actable:meaning ofactable
acted:meaning ofacted
actin:meaning ofactin
actinal:meaning ofactinal
acting:meaning ofacting
actings:meaning ofactings
actinia:meaning ofactinia
actiniae:meaning ofactiniae
actinian:meaning ofactinian
actinias:meaning ofactinias
actinic:meaning ofactinic
actinide:meaning ofactinide
actinism:meaning ofactinism
actinium:meaning ofactinium
actinoid:meaning ofactinoid
actinon:meaning ofactinon
actinons:meaning ofactinons
actins:meaning ofactins
action:meaning ofaction
actions:meaning ofactions
activate:meaning ofactivate
active:meaning ofactive
actively:meaning ofactively
actives:meaning ofactives
activism:meaning ofactivism
activist:meaning ofactivist
activity:meaning ofactivity
activize:meaning ofactivize
actor:meaning ofactor
actorish:meaning ofactorish
actors:meaning ofactors
actress:meaning ofactress
actressy:meaning ofactressy
acts:meaning ofacts
actual:meaning ofactual
actually:meaning ofactually
actuary:meaning ofactuary
actuate:meaning ofactuate
actuated:meaning ofactuated
actuates:meaning ofactuates
actuator:meaning ofactuator
acuate:meaning ofacuate
acuities:meaning ofacuities
acuity:meaning ofacuity
aculeate:meaning ofaculeate
aculei:meaning ofaculei
aculeus:meaning ofaculeus
acumen:meaning ofacumen
acumens:meaning ofacumens
acutance:meaning ofacutance
acute:meaning ofacute
acutely:meaning ofacutely
acuter:meaning ofacuter
acutes:meaning ofacutes
acutest:meaning ofacutest
acyclic:meaning ofacyclic
acyl:meaning ofacyl
acylate:meaning ofacylate
acylated:meaning ofacylated
acylates:meaning ofacylates
acyloin:meaning ofacyloin
acyloins:meaning ofacyloins
acyls:meaning ofacyls
ad:meaning ofad
adage:meaning ofadage
adages:meaning ofadages
adagial:meaning ofadagial
adagio:meaning ofadagio
adagios:meaning ofadagios
adamance:meaning ofadamance
adamancy:meaning ofadamancy
adamant:meaning ofadamant
adamants:meaning ofadamants
adamsite:meaning ofadamsite
adapt:meaning ofadapt
adapted:meaning ofadapted
adapter:meaning ofadapter
adapters:meaning ofadapters
adapting:meaning ofadapting
adaption:meaning ofadaption
adaptive:meaning ofadaptive
adaptor:meaning ofadaptor
adaptors:meaning ofadaptors
adapts:meaning ofadapts
adaxial:meaning ofadaxial
add:meaning ofadd
addable:meaning ofaddable
addax:meaning ofaddax
addaxes:meaning ofaddaxes
added:meaning ofadded
addedly:meaning ofaddedly
addend:meaning ofaddend
addenda:meaning ofaddenda
addends:meaning ofaddends
addendum:meaning ofaddendum
adder:meaning ofadder
adders:meaning ofadders
addible:meaning ofaddible
addict:meaning ofaddict
addicted:meaning ofaddicted
addicts:meaning ofaddicts
adding:meaning ofadding
addition:meaning ofaddition
additive:meaning ofadditive
additory:meaning ofadditory
addle:meaning ofaddle
addled:meaning ofaddled
addles:meaning ofaddles
addling:meaning ofaddling
address:meaning ofaddress
addrest:meaning ofaddrest
adds:meaning ofadds
adduce:meaning ofadduce
adduced:meaning ofadduced
adducent:meaning ofadducent
adducer:meaning ofadducer
adducers:meaning ofadducers
adduces:meaning ofadduces
adducing:meaning ofadducing
adduct:meaning ofadduct
adducted:meaning ofadducted
adductor:meaning ofadductor
adducts:meaning ofadducts
adeem:meaning ofadeem
adeemed:meaning ofadeemed
adeeming:meaning ofadeeming
adeems:meaning ofadeems
adenine:meaning ofadenine
adenines:meaning ofadenines
adenitis:meaning ofadenitis
adenoid:meaning ofadenoid
adenoids:meaning ofadenoids
adenoma:meaning ofadenoma
adenomas:meaning ofadenomas
adenoses:meaning ofadenoses
adenosis:meaning ofadenosis
adenyl:meaning ofadenyl
adenyls:meaning ofadenyls
adept:meaning ofadept
adepter:meaning ofadepter
adeptest:meaning ofadeptest
adeptly:meaning ofadeptly
adepts:meaning ofadepts
adequacy:meaning ofadequacy
adequate:meaning ofadequate
adhere:meaning ofadhere
adhered:meaning ofadhered
adherend:meaning ofadherend
adherent:meaning ofadherent
adherer:meaning ofadherer
adherers:meaning ofadherers
adheres:meaning ofadheres
adhering:meaning ofadhering
adhesion:meaning ofadhesion
adhesive:meaning ofadhesive
adhibit:meaning ofadhibit
adhibits:meaning ofadhibits
adieu:meaning ofadieu
adieus:meaning ofadieus
adieux:meaning ofadieux
adios:meaning ofadios
adipic:meaning ofadipic
adipose:meaning ofadipose
adiposes:meaning ofadiposes
adiposis:meaning ofadiposis
adipous:meaning ofadipous
adit:meaning ofadit
adits:meaning ofadits
adjacent:meaning ofadjacent
adjoin:meaning ofadjoin
adjoined:meaning ofadjoined
adjoins:meaning ofadjoins
adjoint:meaning ofadjoint
adjoints:meaning ofadjoints
adjourn:meaning ofadjourn
adjourns:meaning ofadjourns
adjudge:meaning ofadjudge
adjudged:meaning ofadjudged
adjudges:meaning ofadjudges
adjunct:meaning ofadjunct
adjuncts:meaning ofadjuncts
adjure:meaning ofadjure
adjured:meaning ofadjured
adjurer:meaning ofadjurer
adjurers:meaning ofadjurers
adjures:meaning ofadjures
adjuring:meaning ofadjuring
adjuror:meaning ofadjuror
adjurors:meaning ofadjurors
adjust:meaning ofadjust
adjusted:meaning ofadjusted
adjuster:meaning ofadjuster
adjustor:meaning ofadjustor
adjusts:meaning ofadjusts
adjutant:meaning ofadjutant
adjuvant:meaning ofadjuvant
adman:meaning ofadman
admass:meaning ofadmass
admen:meaning ofadmen
admiral:meaning ofadmiral
admirals:meaning ofadmirals
admire:meaning ofadmire
admired:meaning ofadmired
admirer:meaning ofadmirer
admirers:meaning ofadmirers
admires:meaning ofadmires
admiring:meaning ofadmiring
admit:meaning ofadmit
admits:meaning ofadmits
admitted:meaning ofadmitted
admitter:meaning ofadmitter
admix:meaning ofadmix
admixed:meaning ofadmixed
admixes:meaning ofadmixes
admixing:meaning ofadmixing
admixt:meaning ofadmixt
admonish:meaning ofadmonish
adnate:meaning ofadnate
adnation:meaning ofadnation
adnexa:meaning ofadnexa
adnexal:meaning ofadnexal
adnoun:meaning ofadnoun
adnouns:meaning ofadnouns
ado:meaning ofado
adobe:meaning ofadobe
adobes:meaning ofadobes
adobo:meaning ofadobo
adobos:meaning ofadobos
adonis:meaning ofadonis
adonises:meaning ofadonises
adopt:meaning ofadopt
adopted:meaning ofadopted
adoptee:meaning ofadoptee
adoptees:meaning ofadoptees
adopter:meaning ofadopter
adopters:meaning ofadopters
adopting:meaning ofadopting
adoption:meaning ofadoption
adoptive:meaning ofadoptive
adopts:meaning ofadopts
adorable:meaning ofadorable
adorably:meaning ofadorably
adore:meaning ofadore
adored:meaning ofadored
adorer:meaning ofadorer
adorers:meaning ofadorers
adores:meaning ofadores
adoring:meaning ofadoring
adorn:meaning ofadorn
adorned:meaning ofadorned
adorner:meaning ofadorner
adorners:meaning ofadorners
adorning:meaning ofadorning
adorns:meaning ofadorns
ados:meaning ofados
adown:meaning ofadown
adoze:meaning ofadoze
adrenal:meaning ofadrenal
adrenals:meaning ofadrenals
adrift:meaning ofadrift
adroit:meaning ofadroit
adroiter:meaning ofadroiter
adroitly:meaning ofadroitly
ads:meaning ofads
adscript:meaning ofadscript
adsorb:meaning ofadsorb
adsorbed:meaning ofadsorbed
adsorber:meaning ofadsorber
adsorbs:meaning ofadsorbs
adularia:meaning ofadularia
adulate:meaning ofadulate
adulated:meaning ofadulated
adulates:meaning ofadulates
adulator:meaning ofadulator
adult:meaning ofadult
adultery:meaning ofadultery
adultly:meaning ofadultly
adults:meaning ofadults
adumbral:meaning ofadumbral
adunc:meaning ofadunc
aduncate:meaning ofaduncate
aduncous:meaning ofaduncous
adust:meaning ofadust
advance:meaning ofadvance
advanced:meaning ofadvanced
advancer:meaning ofadvancer
advances:meaning ofadvances
advect:meaning ofadvect
advected:meaning ofadvected
advects:meaning ofadvects
advent:meaning ofadvent
advents:meaning ofadvents
adverb:meaning ofadverb
adverbs:meaning ofadverbs
adverse:meaning ofadverse
advert:meaning ofadvert
adverted:meaning ofadverted
adverts:meaning ofadverts
advice:meaning ofadvice
advices:meaning ofadvices
advise:meaning ofadvise
advised:meaning ofadvised
advisee:meaning ofadvisee
advisees:meaning ofadvisees
adviser:meaning ofadviser
advisers:meaning ofadvisers
advises:meaning ofadvises
advising:meaning ofadvising
advisor:meaning ofadvisor
advisors:meaning ofadvisors
advisory:meaning ofadvisory
advocacy:meaning ofadvocacy
advocate:meaning ofadvocate
advowson:meaning ofadvowson
adynamia:meaning ofadynamia
adynamic:meaning ofadynamic
adyta:meaning ofadyta
adytum:meaning ofadytum
adz:meaning ofadz
adze:meaning ofadze
adzes:meaning ofadzes
adzuki:meaning ofadzuki
adzukis:meaning ofadzukis
ae:meaning ofae
aecia:meaning ofaecia
aecial:meaning ofaecial
aecidia:meaning ofaecidia
aecidial:meaning ofaecidial
aecidium:meaning ofaecidium
aecium:meaning ofaecium
aedes:meaning ofaedes
aedile:meaning ofaedile
aediles:meaning ofaediles
aedine:meaning ofaedine
aegis:meaning ofaegis
aegises:meaning ofaegises
aeneous:meaning ofaeneous
aeneus:meaning ofaeneus
aeolian:meaning ofaeolian
aeon:meaning ofaeon
aeonian:meaning ofaeonian
aeonic:meaning ofaeonic
aeons:meaning ofaeons
aequorin:meaning ofaequorin
aerate:meaning ofaerate
aerated:meaning ofaerated
aerates:meaning ofaerates
aerating:meaning ofaerating
aeration:meaning ofaeration
aerator:meaning ofaerator
aerators:meaning ofaerators
aerial:meaning ofaerial
aerially:meaning ofaerially
aerials:meaning ofaerials
aerie:meaning ofaerie
aeried:meaning ofaeried
aerier:meaning ofaerier
aeries:meaning ofaeries
aeriest:meaning ofaeriest
aerified:meaning ofaerified
aerifies:meaning ofaerifies
aeriform:meaning ofaeriform
aerify:meaning ofaerify
aerily:meaning ofaerily
aero:meaning ofaero
aerobe:meaning ofaerobe
aerobes:meaning ofaerobes
aerobia:meaning ofaerobia
aerobic:meaning ofaerobic
aerobics:meaning ofaerobics
aerobium:meaning ofaerobium
aeroduct:meaning ofaeroduct
aerodyne:meaning ofaerodyne
aerofoil:meaning ofaerofoil
aerogel:meaning ofaerogel
aerogels:meaning ofaerogels
aerogram:meaning ofaerogram
aerolite:meaning ofaerolite
aerolith:meaning ofaerolith
aerology:meaning ofaerology
aeronaut:meaning ofaeronaut
aeronomy:meaning ofaeronomy
aerosat:meaning ofaerosat
aerosats:meaning ofaerosats
aerosol:meaning ofaerosol
aerosols:meaning ofaerosols
aerostat:meaning ofaerostat
aerugo:meaning ofaerugo
aerugos:meaning ofaerugos
aery:meaning ofaery
aesthete:meaning ofaesthete
aestival:meaning ofaestival
aether:meaning ofaether
aetheric:meaning ofaetheric
aethers:meaning ofaethers
afar:meaning ofafar
afars:meaning ofafars
afeard:meaning ofafeard
afeared:meaning ofafeared
afebrile:meaning ofafebrile
aff:meaning ofaff
affable:meaning ofaffable
affably:meaning ofaffably
affair:meaning ofaffair
affaire:meaning ofaffaire
affaires:meaning ofaffaires
affairs:meaning ofaffairs
affect:meaning ofaffect
affected:meaning ofaffected
affecter:meaning ofaffecter
affects:meaning ofaffects
afferent:meaning ofafferent
affiance:meaning ofaffiance
affiant:meaning ofaffiant
affiants:meaning ofaffiants
affiche:meaning ofaffiche
affiches:meaning ofaffiches
affinal:meaning ofaffinal
affine:meaning ofaffine
affined:meaning ofaffined
affinely:meaning ofaffinely
affines:meaning ofaffines
affinity:meaning ofaffinity
affirm:meaning ofaffirm
affirmed:meaning ofaffirmed
affirmer:meaning ofaffirmer
affirms:meaning ofaffirms
affix:meaning ofaffix
affixal:meaning ofaffixal
affixed:meaning ofaffixed
affixer:meaning ofaffixer
affixers:meaning ofaffixers
affixes:meaning ofaffixes
affixial:meaning ofaffixial
affixing:meaning ofaffixing
afflatus:meaning ofafflatus
afflict:meaning ofafflict
afflicts:meaning ofafflicts
affluent:meaning ofaffluent
afflux:meaning ofafflux
affluxes:meaning ofaffluxes
afford:meaning ofafford
afforded:meaning ofafforded
affords:meaning ofaffords
afforest:meaning ofafforest
affray:meaning ofaffray
affrayed:meaning ofaffrayed
affrayer:meaning ofaffrayer
affrays:meaning ofaffrays
affright:meaning ofaffright
affront:meaning ofaffront
affronts:meaning ofaffronts
affusion:meaning ofaffusion
afghan:meaning ofafghan
afghani:meaning ofafghani
afghanis:meaning ofafghanis
afghans:meaning ofafghans
afield:meaning ofafield
afire:meaning ofafire
aflame:meaning ofaflame
afloat:meaning ofafloat
aflutter:meaning ofaflutter
afoot:meaning ofafoot
afore:meaning ofafore
afoul:meaning ofafoul
afraid:meaning ofafraid
afreet:meaning ofafreet
afreets:meaning ofafreets
afresh:meaning ofafresh
afrit:meaning ofafrit
afrits:meaning ofafrits
aft:meaning ofaft
after:meaning ofafter
afters:meaning ofafters
aftertax:meaning ofaftertax
aftmost:meaning ofaftmost
aftosa:meaning ofaftosa
aftosas:meaning ofaftosas
ag:meaning ofag
aga:meaning ofaga
again:meaning ofagain
against:meaning ofagainst
agalloch:meaning ofagalloch
agalwood:meaning ofagalwood
agama:meaning ofagama
agamas:meaning ofagamas
agamete:meaning ofagamete
agametes:meaning ofagametes
agamic:meaning ofagamic
agamous:meaning ofagamous
agapae:meaning ofagapae
agapai:meaning ofagapai
agape:meaning ofagape
agapeic:meaning ofagapeic
agar:meaning ofagar
agaric:meaning ofagaric
agarics:meaning ofagarics
agarose:meaning ofagarose
agaroses:meaning ofagaroses
agars:meaning ofagars
agas:meaning ofagas
agate:meaning ofagate
agates:meaning ofagates
agatize:meaning ofagatize
agatized:meaning ofagatized
agatizes:meaning ofagatizes
agatoid:meaning ofagatoid
agave:meaning ofagave
agaves:meaning ofagaves
agaze:meaning ofagaze
age:meaning ofage
aged:meaning ofaged
agedly:meaning ofagedly
agedness:meaning ofagedness
agee:meaning ofagee
ageing:meaning ofageing
ageings:meaning ofageings
ageism:meaning ofageism
ageisms:meaning ofageisms
ageist:meaning ofageist
ageists:meaning ofageists
ageless:meaning ofageless
agelong:meaning ofagelong
agencies:meaning ofagencies
agency:meaning ofagency
agenda:meaning ofagenda
agendas:meaning ofagendas
agendum:meaning ofagendum
agendums:meaning ofagendums
agene:meaning ofagene
agenes:meaning ofagenes
ageneses:meaning ofageneses
agenesia:meaning ofagenesia
agenesis:meaning ofagenesis
agenetic:meaning ofagenetic
agenize:meaning ofagenize
agenized:meaning ofagenized
agenizes:meaning ofagenizes
agent:meaning ofagent
agential:meaning ofagential
agenting:meaning ofagenting
agentive:meaning ofagentive
agentry:meaning ofagentry
agents:meaning ofagents
ager:meaning ofager
ageratum:meaning ofageratum
agers:meaning ofagers
ages:meaning ofages
aggadic:meaning ofaggadic
agger:meaning ofagger
aggers:meaning ofaggers
aggie:meaning ofaggie
aggies:meaning ofaggies
aggrade:meaning ofaggrade
aggraded:meaning ofaggraded
aggrades:meaning ofaggrades
aggress:meaning ofaggress
aggrieve:meaning ofaggrieve
aggro:meaning ofaggro
aggros:meaning ofaggros
agha:meaning ofagha
aghas:meaning ofaghas
aghast:meaning ofaghast
agile:meaning ofagile
agilely:meaning ofagilely
agility:meaning ofagility
agin:meaning ofagin
aging:meaning ofaging
agings:meaning ofagings
aginner:meaning ofaginner
aginners:meaning ofaginners
agio:meaning ofagio
agios:meaning ofagios
agiotage:meaning ofagiotage
agism:meaning ofagism
agisms:meaning ofagisms
agist:meaning ofagist
agisted:meaning ofagisted
agisting:meaning ofagisting
agists:meaning ofagists
agitable:meaning ofagitable
agitate:meaning ofagitate
agitated:meaning ofagitated
agitates:meaning ofagitates
agitato:meaning ofagitato
agitator:meaning ofagitator
agitprop:meaning ofagitprop
aglare:meaning ofaglare
agleam:meaning ofagleam
aglee:meaning ofaglee
aglet:meaning ofaglet
aglets:meaning ofaglets
agley:meaning ofagley
aglimmer:meaning ofaglimmer
aglitter:meaning ofaglitter
aglow:meaning ofaglow
agly:meaning ofagly
aglycon:meaning ofaglycon
aglycone:meaning ofaglycone
aglycons:meaning ofaglycons
agma:meaning ofagma
agmas:meaning ofagmas
agminate:meaning ofagminate
agnail:meaning ofagnail
agnails:meaning ofagnails
agnate:meaning ofagnate
agnates:meaning ofagnates
agnatic:meaning ofagnatic
agnation:meaning ofagnation
agnize:meaning ofagnize
agnized:meaning ofagnized
agnizes:meaning ofagnizes
agnizing:meaning ofagnizing
agnomen:meaning ofagnomen
agnomens:meaning ofagnomens
agnomina:meaning ofagnomina
agnosia:meaning ofagnosia
agnosias:meaning ofagnosias
agnostic:meaning ofagnostic
ago:meaning ofago
agog:meaning ofagog
agon:meaning ofagon
agonal:meaning ofagonal
agone:meaning ofagone
agones:meaning ofagones
agonic:meaning ofagonic
agonies:meaning ofagonies
agonise:meaning ofagonise
agonised:meaning ofagonised
agonises:meaning ofagonises
agonist:meaning ofagonist
agonists:meaning ofagonists
agonize:meaning ofagonize
agonized:meaning ofagonized
agonizes:meaning ofagonizes
agons:meaning ofagons
agony:meaning ofagony
agora:meaning ofagora
agorae:meaning ofagorae
agoras:meaning ofagoras
agorot:meaning ofagorot
agoroth:meaning ofagoroth
agouti:meaning ofagouti
agouties:meaning ofagouties
agoutis:meaning ofagoutis
agouty:meaning ofagouty
agrafe:meaning ofagrafe
agrafes:meaning ofagrafes
agraffe:meaning ofagraffe
agraffes:meaning ofagraffes
agrapha:meaning ofagrapha
agraphia:meaning ofagraphia
agraphic:meaning ofagraphic
agrarian:meaning ofagrarian
agravic:meaning ofagravic
agree:meaning ofagree
agreed:meaning ofagreed
agreeing:meaning ofagreeing
agrees:meaning ofagrees
agrestal:meaning ofagrestal
agrestic:meaning ofagrestic
agria:meaning ofagria
agrias:meaning ofagrias
agrimony:meaning ofagrimony
agrology:meaning ofagrology
agronomy:meaning ofagronomy
aground:meaning ofaground
agrypnia:meaning ofagrypnia
ague:meaning ofague
aguelike:meaning ofaguelike
agues:meaning ofagues
agueweed:meaning ofagueweed
aguish:meaning ofaguish
aguishly:meaning ofaguishly
ah:meaning ofah
aha:meaning ofaha
ahchoo:meaning ofahchoo
ahead:meaning ofahead
ahem:meaning ofahem
ahimsa:meaning ofahimsa
ahimsas:meaning ofahimsas
ahold:meaning ofahold
aholds:meaning ofaholds
ahorse:meaning ofahorse
ahoy:meaning ofahoy
ahull:meaning ofahull
ai:meaning ofai
aiblins:meaning ofaiblins
aid:meaning ofaid
aide:meaning ofaide
aided:meaning ofaided
aider:meaning ofaider
aiders:meaning ofaiders
aides:meaning ofaides
aidful:meaning ofaidful
aiding:meaning ofaiding
aidless:meaning ofaidless
aidman:meaning ofaidman
aidmen:meaning ofaidmen
aids:meaning ofaids
aiglet:meaning ofaiglet
aiglets:meaning ofaiglets
aigret:meaning ofaigret
aigrets:meaning ofaigrets
aigrette:meaning ofaigrette
aiguille:meaning ofaiguille
aikido:meaning ofaikido
aikidos:meaning ofaikidos
ail:meaning ofail
ailed:meaning ofailed
aileron:meaning ofaileron
ailerons:meaning ofailerons
ailing:meaning ofailing
ailment:meaning ofailment
ailments:meaning ofailments
ails:meaning ofails
aim:meaning ofaim
aimed:meaning ofaimed
aimer:meaning ofaimer
aimers:meaning ofaimers
aimful:meaning ofaimful
aimfully:meaning ofaimfully
aiming:meaning ofaiming
aimless:meaning ofaimless
aims:meaning ofaims
ain:meaning ofain
ains:meaning ofains
ainsell:meaning ofainsell
ainsells:meaning ofainsells
aioli:meaning ofaioli
aiolis:meaning ofaiolis
air:meaning ofair
airboat:meaning ofairboat
airboats:meaning ofairboats
airborne:meaning ofairborne
airbound:meaning ofairbound
airbrush:meaning ofairbrush
airburst:meaning ofairburst
airbus:meaning ofairbus
airbuses:meaning ofairbuses
aircheck:meaning ofaircheck
aircoach:meaning ofaircoach
aircraft:meaning ofaircraft
aircrew:meaning ofaircrew
aircrews:meaning ofaircrews
airdate:meaning ofairdate
airdates:meaning ofairdates
airdrome:meaning ofairdrome
airdrop:meaning ofairdrop
airdrops:meaning ofairdrops
aired:meaning ofaired
airer:meaning ofairer
airers:meaning ofairers
airest:meaning ofairest
airfare:meaning ofairfare
airfares:meaning ofairfares
airfield:meaning ofairfield
airflow:meaning ofairflow
airflows:meaning ofairflows
airfoil:meaning ofairfoil
airfoils:meaning ofairfoils
airframe:meaning ofairframe
airglow:meaning ofairglow
airglows:meaning ofairglows
airhead:meaning ofairhead
airheads:meaning ofairheads
airhole:meaning ofairhole
airholes:meaning ofairholes
airier:meaning ofairier
airiest:meaning ofairiest
airily:meaning ofairily
airiness:meaning ofairiness
airing:meaning ofairing
airings:meaning ofairings
airless:meaning ofairless
airlift:meaning ofairlift
airlifts:meaning ofairlifts
airlike:meaning ofairlike
airline:meaning ofairline
airliner:meaning ofairliner
airlines:meaning ofairlines
airmail:meaning ofairmail
airmails:meaning ofairmails
airman:meaning ofairman
airmen:meaning ofairmen
airn:meaning ofairn
airns:meaning ofairns
airpark:meaning ofairpark
airparks:meaning ofairparks
airplane:meaning ofairplane
airplay:meaning ofairplay
airplays:meaning ofairplays
airport:meaning ofairport
airports:meaning ofairports
airpost:meaning ofairpost
airposts:meaning ofairposts
airpower:meaning ofairpower
airproof:meaning ofairproof
airs:meaning ofairs
airscape:meaning ofairscape
airscrew:meaning ofairscrew
airshed:meaning ofairshed
airsheds:meaning ofairsheds
airship:meaning ofairship
airships:meaning ofairships
airsick:meaning ofairsick
airspace:meaning ofairspace
airspeed:meaning ofairspeed
airstrip:meaning ofairstrip
airt:meaning ofairt
airted:meaning ofairted
airth:meaning ofairth
airthed:meaning ofairthed
airthing:meaning ofairthing
airths:meaning ofairths
airtight:meaning ofairtight
airtime:meaning ofairtime
airtimes:meaning ofairtimes
airting:meaning ofairting
airts:meaning ofairts
airward:meaning ofairward
airwave:meaning ofairwave
airwaves:meaning ofairwaves
airway:meaning ofairway
airways:meaning ofairways
airwise:meaning ofairwise
airwoman:meaning ofairwoman
airwomen:meaning ofairwomen
airy:meaning ofairy
ais:meaning ofais
aisle:meaning ofaisle
aisled:meaning ofaisled
aisles:meaning ofaisles
aisleway:meaning ofaisleway
ait:meaning ofait
aitch:meaning ofaitch
aitches:meaning ofaitches
aits:meaning ofaits
aiver:meaning ofaiver
aivers:meaning ofaivers
ajar:meaning ofajar
ajee:meaning ofajee
ajiva:meaning ofajiva
ajivas:meaning ofajivas
ajowan:meaning ofajowan
ajowans:meaning ofajowans
ajuga:meaning ofajuga
ajugas:meaning ofajugas
akee:meaning ofakee
akees:meaning ofakees
akela:meaning ofakela
akelas:meaning ofakelas
akene:meaning ofakene
akenes:meaning ofakenes
akimbo:meaning ofakimbo
akin:meaning ofakin
akvavit:meaning ofakvavit
akvavits:meaning ofakvavits
al:meaning ofal
ala:meaning ofala
alack:meaning ofalack
alacrity:meaning ofalacrity
alae:meaning ofalae
alameda:meaning ofalameda
alamedas:meaning ofalamedas
alamo:meaning ofalamo
alamode:meaning ofalamode
alamodes:meaning ofalamodes
alamos:meaning ofalamos
alan:meaning ofalan
aland:meaning ofaland
alands:meaning ofalands
alane:meaning ofalane
alang:meaning ofalang
alanin:meaning ofalanin
alanine:meaning ofalanine
alanines:meaning ofalanines
alanins:meaning ofalanins
alans:meaning ofalans
alant:meaning ofalant
alants:meaning ofalants
alanyl:meaning ofalanyl
alanyls:meaning ofalanyls
alar:meaning ofalar
alarm:meaning ofalarm
alarmed:meaning ofalarmed
alarming:meaning ofalarming
alarmism:meaning ofalarmism
alarmist:meaning ofalarmist
alarms:meaning ofalarms
alarum:meaning ofalarum
alarumed:meaning ofalarumed
alarums:meaning ofalarums
alary:meaning ofalary
alas:meaning ofalas
alaska:meaning ofalaska
alaskas:meaning ofalaskas
alastor:meaning ofalastor
alastors:meaning ofalastors
alate:meaning ofalate
alated:meaning ofalated
alates:meaning ofalates
alation:meaning ofalation
alations:meaning ofalations
alb:meaning ofalb
alba:meaning ofalba
albacore:meaning ofalbacore
albas:meaning ofalbas
albata:meaning ofalbata
albatas:meaning ofalbatas
albedo:meaning ofalbedo
albedoes:meaning ofalbedoes
albedos:meaning ofalbedos
albeit:meaning ofalbeit
albicore:meaning ofalbicore
albinal:meaning ofalbinal
albinic:meaning ofalbinic
albinism:meaning ofalbinism
albino:meaning ofalbino
albinos:meaning ofalbinos
albite:meaning ofalbite
albites:meaning ofalbites
albitic:meaning ofalbitic
albizia:meaning ofalbizia
albizias:meaning ofalbizias
albizzia:meaning ofalbizzia
albs:meaning ofalbs
album:meaning ofalbum
albumen:meaning ofalbumen
albumens:meaning ofalbumens
albumin:meaning ofalbumin
albumins:meaning ofalbumins
albumose:meaning ofalbumose
albums:meaning ofalbums
alburnum:meaning ofalburnum
alcade:meaning ofalcade
alcades:meaning ofalcades
alcahest:meaning ofalcahest
alcaic:meaning ofalcaic
alcaics:meaning ofalcaics
alcaide:meaning ofalcaide
alcaides:meaning ofalcaides
alcalde:meaning ofalcalde
alcaldes:meaning ofalcaldes
alcayde:meaning ofalcayde
alcaydes:meaning ofalcaydes
alcazar:meaning ofalcazar
alcazars:meaning ofalcazars
alchemic:meaning ofalchemic
alchemy:meaning ofalchemy
alchymy:meaning ofalchymy
alcid:meaning ofalcid
alcidine:meaning ofalcidine
alcids:meaning ofalcids
alcohol:meaning ofalcohol
alcohols:meaning ofalcohols
alcove:meaning ofalcove
alcoved:meaning ofalcoved
alcoves:meaning ofalcoves
aldehyde:meaning ofaldehyde
alder:meaning ofalder
alderfly:meaning ofalderfly
alderman:meaning ofalderman
aldermen:meaning ofaldermen
alders:meaning ofalders
aldol:meaning ofaldol
aldolase:meaning ofaldolase
aldols:meaning ofaldols
aldose:meaning ofaldose
aldoses:meaning ofaldoses
aldrin:meaning ofaldrin
aldrins:meaning ofaldrins
ale:meaning ofale
aleatory:meaning ofaleatory
alec:meaning ofalec
alecs:meaning ofalecs
alee:meaning ofalee
alef:meaning ofalef
alefs:meaning ofalefs
alegar:meaning ofalegar
alegars:meaning ofalegars
alehouse:meaning ofalehouse
alembic:meaning ofalembic
alembics:meaning ofalembics
alencon:meaning ofalencon
alencons:meaning ofalencons
aleph:meaning ofaleph
alephs:meaning ofalephs
alert:meaning ofalert
alerted:meaning ofalerted
alerter:meaning ofalerter
alertest:meaning ofalertest
alerting:meaning ofalerting
alertly:meaning ofalertly
alerts:meaning ofalerts
ales:meaning ofales
aleuron:meaning ofaleuron
aleurone:meaning ofaleurone
aleurons:meaning ofaleurons
alevin:meaning ofalevin
alevins:meaning ofalevins
alewife:meaning ofalewife
alewives:meaning ofalewives
alexia:meaning ofalexia
alexias:meaning ofalexias
alexin:meaning ofalexin
alexine:meaning ofalexine
alexines:meaning ofalexines
alexins:meaning ofalexins
alfa:meaning ofalfa
alfaki:meaning ofalfaki
alfakis:meaning ofalfakis
alfalfa:meaning ofalfalfa
alfalfas:meaning ofalfalfas
alfaqui:meaning ofalfaqui
alfaquin:meaning ofalfaquin
alfaquis:meaning ofalfaquis
alfas:meaning ofalfas
alforja:meaning ofalforja
alforjas:meaning ofalforjas
alfresco:meaning ofalfresco
alga:meaning ofalga
algae:meaning ofalgae
algal:meaning ofalgal
algaroba:meaning ofalgaroba
algas:meaning ofalgas
algebra:meaning ofalgebra
algebras:meaning ofalgebras
algerine:meaning ofalgerine
algicide:meaning ofalgicide
algid:meaning ofalgid
algidity:meaning ofalgidity
algin:meaning ofalgin
alginate:meaning ofalginate
algins:meaning ofalgins
algoid:meaning ofalgoid
algology:meaning ofalgology
algor:meaning ofalgor
algorism:meaning ofalgorism
algors:meaning ofalgors
algum:meaning ofalgum
algums:meaning ofalgums
alias:meaning ofalias
aliases:meaning ofaliases
alibi:meaning ofalibi
alibied:meaning ofalibied
alibies:meaning ofalibies
alibiing:meaning ofalibiing
alibis:meaning ofalibis
alible:meaning ofalible
alidad:meaning ofalidad
alidade:meaning ofalidade
alidades:meaning ofalidades
alidads:meaning ofalidads
alien:meaning ofalien
alienage:meaning ofalienage
alienate:meaning ofalienate
aliened:meaning ofaliened
alienee:meaning ofalienee
alienees:meaning ofalienees
aliener:meaning ofaliener
alieners:meaning ofalieners
aliening:meaning ofaliening
alienism:meaning ofalienism
alienist:meaning ofalienist
alienly:meaning ofalienly
alienor:meaning ofalienor
alienors:meaning ofalienors
aliens:meaning ofaliens
alif:meaning ofalif
aliform:meaning ofaliform
alifs:meaning ofalifs
alight:meaning ofalight
alighted:meaning ofalighted
alights:meaning ofalights
align:meaning ofalign
aligned:meaning ofaligned
aligner:meaning ofaligner
aligners:meaning ofaligners
aligning:meaning ofaligning
aligns:meaning ofaligns
alike:meaning ofalike
aliment:meaning ofaliment
aliments:meaning ofaliments
alimony:meaning ofalimony
aline:meaning ofaline
alined:meaning ofalined
aliner:meaning ofaliner
aliners:meaning ofaliners
alines:meaning ofalines
alining:meaning ofalining
aliped:meaning ofaliped
alipeds:meaning ofalipeds
aliquant:meaning ofaliquant
aliquot:meaning ofaliquot
aliquots:meaning ofaliquots
alist:meaning ofalist
alit:meaning ofalit
aliunde:meaning ofaliunde
alive:meaning ofalive
aliya:meaning ofaliya
aliyah:meaning ofaliyah
aliyahs:meaning ofaliyahs
aliyas:meaning ofaliyas
aliyos:meaning ofaliyos
aliyot:meaning ofaliyot
alizarin:meaning ofalizarin
alkahest:meaning ofalkahest
alkali:meaning ofalkali
alkalic:meaning ofalkalic
alkalies:meaning ofalkalies
alkalify:meaning ofalkalify
alkalin:meaning ofalkalin
alkaline:meaning ofalkaline
alkalis:meaning ofalkalis
alkalise:meaning ofalkalise
alkalize:meaning ofalkalize
alkaloid:meaning ofalkaloid
alkane:meaning ofalkane
alkanes:meaning ofalkanes
alkanet:meaning ofalkanet
alkanets:meaning ofalkanets
alkene:meaning ofalkene
alkenes:meaning ofalkenes
alkies:meaning ofalkies
alkine:meaning ofalkine
alkines:meaning ofalkines
alkoxide:meaning ofalkoxide
alkoxy:meaning ofalkoxy
alky:meaning ofalky
alkyd:meaning ofalkyd
alkyds:meaning ofalkyds
alkyl:meaning ofalkyl
alkylate:meaning ofalkylate
alkylic:meaning ofalkylic
alkyls:meaning ofalkyls
alkyne:meaning ofalkyne
alkynes:meaning ofalkynes
all:meaning ofall
allanite:meaning ofallanite
allay:meaning ofallay
allayed:meaning ofallayed
allayer:meaning ofallayer
allayers:meaning ofallayers
allaying:meaning ofallaying
allays:meaning ofallays
allee:meaning ofallee
allees:meaning ofallees
allege:meaning ofallege
alleged:meaning ofalleged
alleger:meaning ofalleger
allegers:meaning ofallegers
alleges:meaning ofalleges
alleging:meaning ofalleging
allegory:meaning ofallegory
allegro:meaning ofallegro
allegros:meaning ofallegros
allele:meaning ofallele
alleles:meaning ofalleles
allelic:meaning ofallelic
allelism:meaning ofallelism
alleluia:meaning ofalleluia
allergen:meaning ofallergen
allergic:meaning ofallergic
allergin:meaning ofallergin
allergy:meaning ofallergy
alley:meaning ofalley
alleys:meaning ofalleys
alleyway:meaning ofalleyway
allheal:meaning ofallheal
allheals:meaning ofallheals
alliable:meaning ofalliable
alliance:meaning ofalliance
allicin:meaning ofallicin
allicins:meaning ofallicins
allied:meaning ofallied
allies:meaning ofallies
allium:meaning ofallium
alliums:meaning ofalliums
allobar:meaning ofallobar
allobars:meaning ofallobars
allocate:meaning ofallocate
allod:meaning ofallod
allodia:meaning ofallodia
allodial:meaning ofallodial
allodium:meaning ofallodium
allods:meaning ofallods
allogamy:meaning ofallogamy
allonge:meaning ofallonge
allonges:meaning ofallonges
allonym:meaning ofallonym
allonyms:meaning ofallonyms
allopath:meaning ofallopath
allot:meaning ofallot
allots:meaning ofallots
allotted:meaning ofallotted
allottee:meaning ofallottee
allotter:meaning ofallotter
allotype:meaning ofallotype
allotypy:meaning ofallotypy
allover:meaning ofallover
allovers:meaning ofallovers
allow:meaning ofallow
allowed:meaning ofallowed
allowing:meaning ofallowing
allows:meaning ofallows
alloxan:meaning ofalloxan
alloxans:meaning ofalloxans
alloy:meaning ofalloy
alloyed:meaning ofalloyed
alloying:meaning ofalloying
alloys:meaning ofalloys
alls:meaning ofalls
allseed:meaning ofallseed
allseeds:meaning ofallseeds
allspice:meaning ofallspice
allude:meaning ofallude
alluded:meaning ofalluded
alludes:meaning ofalludes
alluding:meaning ofalluding
allure:meaning ofallure
allured:meaning ofallured
allurer:meaning ofallurer
allurers:meaning ofallurers
allures:meaning ofallures
alluring:meaning ofalluring
allusion:meaning ofallusion
allusive:meaning ofallusive
alluvia:meaning ofalluvia
alluvial:meaning ofalluvial
alluvion:meaning ofalluvion
alluvium:meaning ofalluvium
ally:meaning ofally
allying:meaning ofallying
allyl:meaning ofallyl
allylic:meaning ofallylic
allyls:meaning ofallyls
alma:meaning ofalma
almagest:meaning ofalmagest
almah:meaning ofalmah
almahs:meaning ofalmahs
almanac:meaning ofalmanac
almanacs:meaning ofalmanacs
almas:meaning ofalmas
alme:meaning ofalme
almeh:meaning ofalmeh
almehs:meaning ofalmehs
almemar:meaning ofalmemar
almemars:meaning ofalmemars
almes:meaning ofalmes
almighty:meaning ofalmighty
almner:meaning ofalmner
almners:meaning ofalmners
almond:meaning ofalmond
almonds:meaning ofalmonds
almoner:meaning ofalmoner
almoners:meaning ofalmoners
almonry:meaning ofalmonry
almost:meaning ofalmost
alms:meaning ofalms
almsman:meaning ofalmsman
almsmen:meaning ofalmsmen
almuce:meaning ofalmuce
almuces:meaning ofalmuces
almud:meaning ofalmud
almude:meaning ofalmude
almudes:meaning ofalmudes
almuds:meaning ofalmuds
almug:meaning ofalmug
almugs:meaning ofalmugs
alnico:meaning ofalnico
alnicoes:meaning ofalnicoes
alodia:meaning ofalodia
alodial:meaning ofalodial
alodium:meaning ofalodium
aloe:meaning ofaloe
aloes:meaning ofaloes
aloetic:meaning ofaloetic
aloft:meaning ofaloft
alogical:meaning ofalogical
aloha:meaning ofaloha
alohas:meaning ofalohas
aloin:meaning ofaloin
aloins:meaning ofaloins
alone:meaning ofalone
along:meaning ofalong
aloof:meaning ofaloof
aloofly:meaning ofaloofly
alopecia:meaning ofalopecia
alopecic:meaning ofalopecic
aloud:meaning ofaloud
alow:meaning ofalow
alp:meaning ofalp
alpaca:meaning ofalpaca
alpacas:meaning ofalpacas
alpha:meaning ofalpha
alphabet:meaning ofalphabet
alphas:meaning ofalphas
alphorn:meaning ofalphorn
alphorns:meaning ofalphorns
alphosis:meaning ofalphosis
alphyl:meaning ofalphyl
alphyls:meaning ofalphyls
alpine:meaning ofalpine
alpinely:meaning ofalpinely
alpines:meaning ofalpines
alpinism:meaning ofalpinism
alpinist:meaning ofalpinist
alps:meaning ofalps
already:meaning ofalready
alright:meaning ofalright
als:meaning ofals
alsike:meaning ofalsike
alsikes:meaning ofalsikes
also:meaning ofalso
alt:meaning ofalt
altar:meaning ofaltar
altars:meaning ofaltars
alter:meaning ofalter
alterant:meaning ofalterant
altered:meaning ofaltered
alterer:meaning ofalterer
alterers:meaning ofalterers
altering:meaning ofaltering
alters:meaning ofalters
althaea:meaning ofalthaea
althaeas:meaning ofalthaeas
althea:meaning ofalthea
altheas:meaning ofaltheas
altho:meaning ofaltho
althorn:meaning ofalthorn
althorns:meaning ofalthorns
although:meaning ofalthough
altitude:meaning ofaltitude
alto:meaning ofalto
altoist:meaning ofaltoist
altoists:meaning ofaltoists
altos:meaning ofaltos
altruism:meaning ofaltruism
altruist:meaning ofaltruist
alts:meaning ofalts
aludel:meaning ofaludel
aludels:meaning ofaludels
alula:meaning ofalula
alulae:meaning ofalulae
alular:meaning ofalular
alum:meaning ofalum
alumin:meaning ofalumin
alumina:meaning ofalumina
aluminas:meaning ofaluminas
alumine:meaning ofalumine
alumines:meaning ofalumines
aluminic:meaning ofaluminic
alumins:meaning ofalumins
aluminum:meaning ofaluminum
alumna:meaning ofalumna
alumnae:meaning ofalumnae
alumni:meaning ofalumni
alumnus:meaning ofalumnus
alumroot:meaning ofalumroot
alums:meaning ofalums
alunite:meaning ofalunite
alunites:meaning ofalunites
alveolar:meaning ofalveolar
alveoli:meaning ofalveoli
alveolus:meaning ofalveolus
alvine:meaning ofalvine
alway:meaning ofalway
always:meaning ofalways
alyssum:meaning ofalyssum
alyssums:meaning ofalyssums
am:meaning ofam
ama:meaning ofama
amadavat:meaning ofamadavat
amadou:meaning ofamadou
amadous:meaning ofamadous
amah:meaning ofamah
amahs:meaning ofamahs
amain:meaning ofamain
amalgam:meaning ofamalgam
amalgams:meaning ofamalgams
amandine:meaning ofamandine
amanita:meaning ofamanita
amanitas:meaning ofamanitas
amanitin:meaning ofamanitin
amaranth:meaning ofamaranth
amarelle:meaning ofamarelle
amaretti:meaning ofamaretti
amaretto:meaning ofamaretto
amarna:meaning ofamarna
amas:meaning ofamas
amass:meaning ofamass
herpes:meaning ofherpes
herpetic:meaning ofherpetic
herried:meaning ofherried
herries:meaning ofherries
herring:meaning ofherring
herrings:meaning ofherrings
herry:meaning ofherry
herrying:meaning ofherrying
hers:meaning ofhers
herself:meaning ofherself
herstory:meaning ofherstory
hertz:meaning ofhertz
hertzes:meaning ofhertzes
hes:meaning ofhes
hesitant:meaning ofhesitant
hesitate:meaning ofhesitate
hessian:meaning ofhessian
hessians:meaning ofhessians
hessite:meaning ofhessite
hessites:meaning ofhessites
hest:meaning ofhest
hests:meaning ofhests
het:meaning ofhet
hetaera:meaning ofhetaera
hetaerae:meaning ofhetaerae
hetaeras:meaning ofhetaeras
hetaeric:meaning ofhetaeric
hetaira:meaning ofhetaira
hetairai:meaning ofhetairai
hetairas:meaning ofhetairas
hetero:meaning ofhetero
heteros:meaning ofheteros
heth:meaning ofheth
heths:meaning ofheths
hetman:meaning ofhetman
hetmans:meaning ofhetmans
hets:meaning ofhets
heuch:meaning ofheuch
heuchs:meaning ofheuchs
heugh:meaning ofheugh
heughs:meaning ofheughs
hew:meaning ofhew
hewable:meaning ofhewable
hewed:meaning ofhewed
hewer:meaning ofhewer
hewers:meaning ofhewers
hewing:meaning ofhewing
hewn:meaning ofhewn
hews:meaning ofhews
hex:meaning ofhex
hexad:meaning ofhexad
hexade:meaning ofhexade
hexades:meaning ofhexades
hexadic:meaning ofhexadic
hexads:meaning ofhexads
hexagon:meaning ofhexagon
hexagons:meaning ofhexagons
hexagram:meaning ofhexagram
hexamine:meaning ofhexamine
hexane:meaning ofhexane
hexanes:meaning ofhexanes
hexapla:meaning ofhexapla
hexaplar:meaning ofhexaplar
hexaplas:meaning ofhexaplas
hexapod:meaning ofhexapod
hexapods:meaning ofhexapods
hexapody:meaning ofhexapody
hexarchy:meaning ofhexarchy
hexed:meaning ofhexed
hexer:meaning ofhexer
hexerei:meaning ofhexerei
hexereis:meaning ofhexereis
hexers:meaning ofhexers
hexes:meaning ofhexes
hexing:meaning ofhexing
hexone:meaning ofhexone
hexones:meaning ofhexones
hexosan:meaning ofhexosan
hexosans:meaning ofhexosans
hexose:meaning ofhexose
hexoses:meaning ofhexoses
hexyl:meaning ofhexyl
hexyls:meaning ofhexyls
ptime:meaning ofptime
optimes:meaning ofoptimes
optimise:meaning ofoptimise
optimism:meaning ofoptimism
optimist:meaning ofoptimist
optimize:meaning ofoptimize
optimum:meaning ofoptimum
optimums:meaning ofoptimums
opting:meaning ofopting
option:meaning ofoption
optional:meaning ofoptional
optioned:meaning ofoptioned
optionee:meaning ofoptionee
options:meaning ofoptions
opts:meaning ofopts
opulence:meaning ofopulence
opulency:meaning ofopulency
opulent:meaning ofopulent
opuntia:meaning ofopuntia
opuntias:meaning ofopuntias
opus:meaning ofopus
opuscula:meaning ofopuscula
opuscule:meaning ofopuscule
opuses:meaning ofopuses
oquassa:meaning ofoquassa
oquassas:meaning ofoquassas
or:meaning ofor
ora:meaning ofora
orach:meaning oforach
orache:meaning oforache
oraches:meaning oforaches
oracle:meaning oforacle
oracles:meaning oforacles
oracular:meaning oforacular
orad:meaning oforad
oral:meaning oforal
oralism:meaning oforalism
oralisms:meaning oforalisms
oralist:meaning oforalist
oralists:meaning oforalists
orality:meaning oforality
orally:meaning oforally
orals:meaning oforals
orang:meaning oforang
orange:meaning oforange
orangery:meaning oforangery
oranges:meaning oforanges
orangey:meaning oforangey
orangier:meaning oforangier
orangish:meaning oforangish
orangs:meaning oforangs
orangy:meaning oforangy
orate:meaning oforate
orated:meaning oforated
orates:meaning oforates
orating:meaning oforating
oration:meaning oforation
orations:meaning oforations
orator:meaning oforator
oratorio:meaning oforatorio
orators:meaning oforators
oratory:meaning oforatory
oratress:meaning oforatress
oratrix:meaning oforatrix
orb:meaning oforb
orbed:meaning oforbed
orbier:meaning oforbier
orbiest:meaning oforbiest
orbing:meaning oforbing
orbit:meaning oforbit
orbital:meaning oforbital
orbitals:meaning oforbitals
orbited:meaning oforbited
orbiter:meaning oforbiter
orbiters:meaning oforbiters
orbiting:meaning oforbiting
orbits:meaning oforbits
orbs:meaning oforbs
orby:meaning oforby
orc:meaning oforc
orca:meaning oforca
orcas:meaning oforcas
orcein:meaning oforcein
outsaw:meaning ofoutsaw
outscold:meaning ofoutscold
outscoop:meaning ofoutscoop
outscore:meaning ofoutscore
outscorn:meaning ofoutscorn
outsee:meaning ofoutsee
outseen:meaning ofoutseen
outsees:meaning ofoutsees
outsell:meaning ofoutsell
outsells:meaning ofoutsells
outsert:meaning ofoutsert
outserts:meaning ofoutserts
outserve:meaning ofoutserve
outset:meaning ofoutset
outsets:meaning ofoutsets
outshame:meaning ofoutshame
outshine:meaning ofoutshine
outshone:meaning ofoutshone
outshoot:meaning ofoutshoot
outshot:meaning ofoutshot
outshout:meaning ofoutshout
outside:meaning ofoutside
outsider:meaning ofoutsider
outsides:meaning ofoutsides
outsight:meaning ofoutsight
outsin:meaning ofoutsin
outsing:meaning ofoutsing
outsings:meaning ofoutsings
outsins:meaning ofoutsins
outsit:meaning ofoutsit
outsits:meaning ofoutsits
outsize:meaning ofoutsize
outsized:meaning ofoutsized
outsizes:meaning ofoutsizes
outskate:meaning ofoutskate
outskirt:meaning ofoutskirt
outsleep:meaning ofoutsleep
outslept:meaning ofoutslept
outslick:meaning ofoutslick
outsmart:meaning ofoutsmart
outsmile:meaning ofoutsmile
outsmoke:meaning ofoutsmoke
outsnore:meaning ofoutsnore
outsoar:meaning ofoutsoar
outsoars:meaning ofoutsoars
outsold:meaning ofoutsold
outsole:meaning ofoutsole
outsoles:meaning ofoutsoles
outspan:meaning ofoutspan
outspans:meaning ofoutspans
outspeak:meaning ofoutspeak
outsped:meaning ofoutsped
outspeed:meaning ofoutspeed
outspell:meaning ofoutspell
outspelt:meaning ofoutspelt
outspend:meaning ofoutspend
outspent:meaning ofoutspent
outspoke:meaning ofoutspoke
outstand:meaning ofoutstand
outstare:meaning ofoutstare
outstart:meaning ofoutstart
outstate:meaning ofoutstate
outstay:meaning ofoutstay
outstays:meaning ofoutstays
outsteer:meaning ofoutsteer
outstood:meaning ofoutstood
outstrip:meaning ofoutstrip
outstudy:meaning ofoutstudy
outstunt:meaning ofoutstunt
outsulk:meaning ofoutsulk
outsulks:meaning ofoutsulks
outsung:meaning ofoutsung
outswam:meaning ofoutswam
outsware:meaning ofoutsware
outswear:meaning ofoutswear
outswim:meaning ofoutswim
outswims:meaning ofoutswims
outswore:meaning ofoutswore
outsworn:meaning ofoutsworn
outswum:meaning ofoutswum
outtake:meaning ofouttake
outtakes:meaning ofouttakes
outtalk:meaning ofouttalk
outtalks:meaning ofouttalks
outtask:meaning ofouttask
outtasks:meaning ofouttasks
outtell:meaning ofouttell
outtells:meaning ofouttells
outthank:meaning ofoutthank
outthink:meaning ofoutthink
outthrew:meaning ofoutthrew
outthrob:meaning ofoutthrob
outthrow:meaning ofoutthrow
outtold:meaning ofouttold
outtower:meaning ofouttower
outtrade:meaning ofouttrade
outtrick:meaning ofouttrick
outtrot:meaning ofouttrot
outtrots:meaning ofouttrots
outtrump:meaning ofouttrump
outturn:meaning ofoutturn
outturns:meaning ofoutturns
outvalue:meaning ofoutvalue
outvaunt:meaning ofoutvaunt
outvie:meaning ofoutvie
outvied:meaning ofoutvied
outvies:meaning ofoutvies
outvoice:meaning ofoutvoice
outvote:meaning ofoutvote
outvoted:meaning ofoutvoted
outvotes:meaning ofoutvotes
outvying:meaning ofoutvying
outwait:meaning ofoutwait
outwaits:meaning ofoutwaits
outwalk:meaning ofoutwalk
outwalks:meaning ofoutwalks
outwar:meaning ofoutwar
outward:meaning ofoutward
outwards:meaning ofoutwards
outwars:meaning ofoutwars
outwash:meaning ofoutwash
outwaste:meaning ofoutwaste
outwatch:meaning ofoutwatch
outwear:meaning ofoutwear
outwears:meaning ofoutwears
outweary:meaning ofoutweary
outweep:meaning ofoutweep
outweeps:meaning ofoutweeps
outweigh:meaning ofoutweigh
